well I just signed a partnership with
Bulova we decided to work together and
you know put into this anti-bullying
because it's epidemic that's really
really touching our schools in our youth
I mean even adults and you know I just
read this story on Angel brain this
student she was 8th grader and uh I
believe is Indiana Indiana and she hung
herself and she put at the end of the
letter her you know suicide note
PS get justice and it was bullying that
did this and you know that touched my
heart I mean it's just I mean it I'm
just for all equality you know no hate
campaign I'm part of that as well
I just did that in Nam being campaign
with PETA so I was on the Sam Simon show
yesterday we were talking about
different things that are happening with
animals and it's just there's so many
issues that need to be addressed and I
you know the more the more I can help
out with the each and every one of them
the better so you know as the bullying
issue is becoming more prevalent of
people talking about it many adults are
kind of looking back at their past and
seeing whether they were bullied or they
might have been somebody who had bullied
in the past we were I think remembrances
either way for yourself well yes I was
that's the reason why I wanted to join
the bully ville campaign input anta's
bullying because I was bullied as a
teenager in some what is an adult you
know and at UCLA where I played you know
there was some hazing that went on and
even you know back in middle school so
it's just it's something that's
prevalent all around the world and even
in the work field you know for for
adults so you know we just need to stand
up and everybody needs to be able to to
do what they want to do with that having
you know having repercussions in people
pointing at him so last question there's
been a bit of talk in the last week
about some possible NFL players coming
out have you heard about I didn't hear
about that oh where was I I think it was
on the Sam Simon show they were talking
about a four guys are supposed to come
out at the same time and uh I think
that's interesting I think it's really
interesting and I think it's gonna
happen sometime soon um it will
definitely stir up a crazy controversy
among the media and everybody else but
um
I don't I don't have a problem with it I
mean I support everybody everybody has a
right to do what they want I don't have
a problem playing with anybody who would
be gay and I mean if the end of the day
as long as they're great football player
that's a lot of matters and then real
quickly what would you say to the NFL
players who have expressed a desire to
not play with someone who is gay to get
out of their box so to open their their
horizon because most of the time you
know that they're their fear or their
home their homophobia is that oh I this
guy wants to you know touch me or do
things to me when you know I've been in
the entertainment industry for so long
and I just realized you know they're
they just do you know they're just them
you know they're not I want to hit on
you you know they just they're them and
that's just who they are they can't
change that you know so just that's them
and that's something they were born with
you know